To prepare for the mock interview you can prep some examples from your experience that you might be able to reference in behavioral questions. 
Lookup our purpose statement and culture pillars.
 
You can also download this dataset from Kaggle: Vehicle dataset | Kaggle (https://www.kaggle.com/datasets/nehalbirla/vehicle-dataset-from-cardekho) 
Get a Python environment setup to where you can read in the data into a Pandas DataFrame. 
I will ask a few data manipulation questions. 
I will also ask you a few simple SQL questions since I see it is listed on your resume. So feel free to review some of the basics.
...

Behavioral questions:
 
Tell me about yourself?
Notes: Clear and concise. Included passions.
 
Tell me about a time when you identified a problem and describe your role in the solution.
Notes: UI designer Asure software (resume) UI tips that were disorganized, UI problems. Took intiative to reconfigure UI kit to introcude simplicity. Did competitive research. Imroved speed and efficiency, better met stakeholder needs.
 
How do you maintain positivity in the work place?
Notes: Empathy, understand other people's background. Better days are ahead. Treat people with kindenss
 
Which culture pillar do you align with the most? Can you provide an example of how you have aligned with that pillar in your previous work?
Act Boldy, Move Faster, Win as One, Serve Customers First
Notes: Win as One, Gave fraternity examples
 
Describe your strengths and how you leverage them. 
Notes: Theme of creativity and empathy towards team members.
 
Describe your weaknesses and plans for improvement?
Notes: Being too attentative to the details making it difficult to finalize a project. Basically perfectionism, set clear criteria of when work is complete and not setting
 
How would your colleagues describe you?
Notes: Hard worker, takes initiative, goes above and beyond, very helpful
 
What are you looking for in your next role?
Notes: Looking for more technical challenge. Connecting people to greater possibility.
 
Tell me about a time in which you embraced a new system, process, technology or data at work that was a major change from the old way of doing things.
Notes: Didn't have any background in Figma, had to re-learn new software. Leveraged team and experience to learn quickly.
 
Tell me about a time you felt pressure for an approaching deadline. What did you do to accomplish the task?
Notes: Advanced Python course group project to build a website. Time management, managed expectations, optimized time,
 

Overall Notes: Should link culture pilllars and purpose statement to responses

...

Data Questions:

What is the most expensive vehicle in the dataset?
 
Audi RS7 2015-2019 Sportback Performance
 
 
Add a column for the Make of the car.
 
Create a column for miles driven (conversion = 0.62137119)
 
Give me the 5 cheapest vehicles sold in 2007.
 
Save all Hyundai vehicles made after the year 2000 to a file.
 
SQL: re-order the following SQL operations in the proper order of operations:
FROM, GROUP BY, ON, Order by, Select, Where, JOIN
 
SELECT, FROM, JOIN, ON, WHERE, GROUP BY, HAVING, ORDER BY
 
How would you find the top 5 most-driven vehicle names from the previous dataset using an SQL query?
 
Tell me about a data analytics project that you worked on. Explain it as if I did not have a technical background.
 
Explain how you might estimate the number of shoes that could be potentially sold in New York City in June.
Notes: Population size, # of tourist, Isolate shoe brand like Nike and analyze their shoe sales. Predict if there is an increase.

...
How To Use the STAR Interview Response Technique | Indeed.com (https://www.indeed.com/career-advice/interviewing/how-to-use-the-star-interview-response-technique)